c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu_Form.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmdangnhap.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmdoimk.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmhopdong.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmmain.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmnhanvien.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmphongban.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmTrogiup.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu_Form.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_BUS.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_DAL.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanS_Entity.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_BUS.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_DAL.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanS_Entity.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe.config
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_BUS.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_DAL.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanS_Entity.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_BUS.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_BUS.exe.config
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_DAL.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanSu_DAL.exe.config
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanS_Entity.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\bin\Debug\QLNhanS_Entity.exe.config
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu_Form.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmdangnhap.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmdoimk.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmhopdong.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmmain.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmnhanvien.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmphongban.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.frmTrogiup.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu_Form.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.exe
C:\Users\ADMIN\Downloads\THUCTAPNHOMTONGHOP\hue\QLNhanSu30.5\QLNhanSu\QLNhanSu\obj\Debug\QLNhanSu.pdb
